Dear Suresh,


This is Prudhvi Kumar Madithati working as Software Engineer for R2 Technologies corporation.

Please accept this message as my formal resignation from R2 Technologies Corporation. Thank you so much for all of the opportunities this company has provided me. Please let me know how I can be of assistance during this transition.


I am working for 2 projects currently one with Vanguard and one with CTS.
And Vanguard and CTS[gentherm] are calling to come to office twice a week and Vanguard as well.
Initially I have been interviewed for TickTok as Site reliability engineer but unfortunatley they have changes the client to Vanguard to work on machine learning which is completly new for me and very hectic to handle the stories and in parallel with that i am trying to copeup with CTS as devops engineer for which client is gentherm. gentherm is setting up anew team where i am the only devops engineer to work and setup the complete CI/CD for the project.
I am having 4 to 5 hours of meeting continiously for vanguard every day which start from 9 am continious until 1:30 and in between there are several meetings scheduled by CTS and Gentherm which i am not able to handle in parallel, i am working for more than 18 hours a day to handle both projects. which is affecting my health very seriouly and i sad to say that it made me to go for medication already because of twitching of my right eye and cheek all the day from last 20 days.

I am getting my family here in three weeks and i have a baby who is 5 months old. I just want to get rid of all this issues by the time they come here and want to spend some time with them.

And i got know from vanguard  that the project is going end mostly by end of may or begining of June as it has already been exteded twice after i started working for vanguard. and if have to choose one job between vanguard and cts i had to go with one of them but with all my current situation i will not be able take the extra tension to loose job and take the interviews without pay and get blocked in the same cycle.
I have already informed the raj shankar that i will not able to handle both the projects as vanguard is complety new for me and it needs toomuch effort from my end to follow the project. and as CTS project is completyly new and need N number of trail and errors to setup the CICD from teh scratch.

With all these i am thinking to take on a stable job where i could have a bit less tensions and maintain good health.
I Just want to inform you that i got an full time oppurtinity that I have decided to join with.




